dining_guide.rst, before:

.. dining_guide:

Seattle Dining Guide
====================

.. contents::
   :local:

U-District (Conference Vicinity Lunch)
--------------------------------------

The University of Washington is situated about 5 miles North of downtown
Seattle. 

**The Ave - University Way Northeast**

*0.3-1 mile / 0.5-1.6 km walk*

The closest food to Kane Hall is on University Way Northeast 
which is often referred to as The Ave. 
The Ave has many food options often marked by the cheapness 
and proximity to campus. There is also several coffee shops
including Starbucks and several local spots. There are many 
spot just west of campus and additional options north.

Short List:

- `U:Don, fresh Japanese noodle station <https://freshudon.com/>`_ 10 minute walk

- `Shultzy's Bar & Grill, German comfort food <https://www.shultzys.com/>`_ 10 minute walk

- `Cafe Solstice, coffee and quick bites <https://www.cafesolsticeseattle.com/>`_ 10 minute walk

- `Broadfork Café, vegan sandwiches <http://broadforkcafe.com/>`_ 17 minute walk

- `Pizza Pi, vegan pizzeria <https://www.pizzapivegan.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

**U Village**

*0.8 mile / 1.3 km walk*

U Village is a mall just north of UW with several food and shopping options. 
There are a few chain restaurants here and some local options as well. 
The QFC here is one of the closest full grocery stores to campus.

Short List:

- `Ma'ono Fried Chicken <https://www.maonoseattle.com/>`_ shares space with `Rachel's Ginger Beer, alcoholic & non-alcoholic <https://rachelsgingerbeer.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Din Tai Fung, upscale dim sum <https://dintaifungusa.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Veggie Grill, vegan comfort food <https://www.veggiegrill.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Hokkaido Ramen Santouka, warm tasty ramen <https://santouka-usa.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Pasta Co, deli and homestyle food <http://www.pastaco.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Molly Moon, ice cream <http://www.mollymoon.com/locations/u-village>`_ mostly dairy but sometimes vegan options call to confirm, 20 minute walk


Around Town (Possible Dinner and Evening)
-----------------------------------------

If you want to venture away from the University of Washington 
you have a few options. Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle can 
be accessed via the light rail and are south of UW. To the west 
of UW there are a few neigborhoods that can be reach via buses,
Wallingford, Fremont, and Ballard. These locations might be hard 
to get there and back for lunch but could be a good place to get 
dinner and/or drinks in the evening.

Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle can be reached by the light 
rail which can be caught at the University of Washington Station 
on Montlake Blvd. This is a 0.6 mile / 1 km walk from Kane Hall. 
There are also buses (48/197/271/542) along 15th Ave which connect 
to the light rail station, this includes <0.3 miles / 0.5 km of walking. 

<Bus directions to neighborhoods>

The transit timetables are integrated into the popular map apps, such as Google Maps.
There is also the One Bus Away app for buses which gives you live updates
as to when the next bus is due at each bus stop.

Seattle is served by taxis as well as rideshare services such as Lyft, Uber and
ReachNow. There are also car-share services such as Car2Go and ReachNow, but
street parking is limited in Capitol Hill and Downtown.

**Capitol Hill**

*15-20 minutes via public transit*

Historically the LGBTQ centre of Seattle, Capitol Hill has grown to be one of the most
popular nightlife areas in the city. There are many food options here as well and bars 
and other nightlife. To get to Capitol Hill via public transit you can take the light
rail and get off at the Capitol Hill Station or there might be buses that get you closer
to a particular restaurant.

Short List:

- `Tacos Chukis, tasty tacos <https://www.facebook.com/TacosChukis/>`_ 15 minute public transit

- `Dick's Drive-In, local fast-food burgers <https://www.ddir.com/>`_ 15 minute public transit

- `Highline, vegan bar/music venue <https://www.highlineseattle.com/>`_ Note: shows start at 9pm both nights, 21+, 15 minute public transit

- `Bok a Bok, korean fried chicken <http://www.bokabokchicken.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit

- `Ian's Pizza, pizza with vegan and gf options <https://ianspizza.com/seattle//>`_ 20 minute public transit

- `Unicorn, carnival-themed bar with sweet drinks <http://www.unicornseattle.com/>`_ 21+, 25 minute public transit

**Downtown Seattle - Pike Place/Westlake Station**

*20-25 minutes via public transit*

To get to Pike Place take the light rail to Westlake Station then walk towards the 
water (lower street numbers) on Pine or Pike. There are a few sit down options here but 
mostly quick eats to grab and go. There are a variety of bars here as well as some 
late night food.

Short list:

- `Pike Brewing, americans + beer <https://www.pikebrewing.com//>`_ all ages lots of space, 25 minute public transit

- `El Borracho, tacos+ vegan options <https://www.elborracho.co/>`_ smaller space 25 minute public transit

- `Alibi Room, bar with pizza and bites <http://seattlealibi.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit


Westlake station has additional food and happy hour locations within walking distance. 
There are a few cocktail bars and restaurants close to the station around the shopping 
area. If you are up for a walk there are several hip bars around the Amazon Campus 
(0.3 mile / 0.5 km walk from Westlake Station) or in Belltown on 1st and 2nd Ave 
(0.5 miles / 0.8 km). 

Short list:

- `Yard House, americans + beer <https://www.yardhouse.com/home>`_ all ages lots of space, 20 minute public transit

- `Suite 410, fancy cocktails <http://suite410bar.com/>`_ smaller space 20 minute public transit

- `Shorty's, arcade bar with hotdogs <http://www.shortydog.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit

- `Serious Pie, Pizza <https://www.seriouspieseattle.com/downtown>`_ 20 minute public transit

**Downtown Seattle - University Station**

*20-25 minutes via public transit*

The University Station is the next stop on the light rail. It is the closest station to 
the Seattle Art Museum (SAM) and situated in the business district of Seattle. There are 
many fast eats that serve the downtown workforce. As well there are bars and evening 
restaurant nearby that often have happy hours. The vibe is often more upscale and serving 
to business professionals after work.

- `Japonessa, upscale sushi with a spicy twist <http://www.japonessa.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit

**Downtown Seattle - Pioneer Square**

*25-30 minutes via public transit*

The next stop on the light rail is Pioneer Square. Pioneer Square is going through a revival 
and has many new and established restaurants and bars. There are several cute shops and food options.

**Downtown Seattle - International District**

*25-30 minutes via public transit*

International District has a lot of great food. If you are looking for dim sum this is where 
you want to be. There are lots of great authentic cuisine here along with bubble tea, and
karaoke. 

Bargain Eats
------------

The University is accessible from the I-5, at the 45th St exit. There is some
parking on campus [to be confirmed]. Prices / availability TBD.



Back to the :ref:`Welcome Wagon <index>`.

Commit message:

added dining info for Fremont

dining_guide.rst, after:

.. dining_guide:

Seattle Dining Guide
====================

.. contents::
   :local:

U-District (Conference Vicinity Lunch)
--------------------------------------

The University of Washington is situated about 5 miles North of downtown
Seattle. 

**The Ave - University Way Northeast**

*0.3-1 mile / 0.5-1.6 km walk*

The closest food to Kane Hall is on University Way Northeast 
which is often referred to as The Ave. 
The Ave has many food options often marked by the cheapness 
and proximity to campus. There is also several coffee shops
including Starbucks and several local spots. There are many 
spot just west of campus and additional options north.

Short List:

- `U:Don, fresh Japanese noodle station <https://freshudon.com/>`_ 10 minute walk

- `Shultzy's Bar & Grill, German comfort food <https://www.shultzys.com/>`_ 10 minute walk

- `Cafe Solstice, coffee and quick bites <https://www.cafesolsticeseattle.com/>`_ 10 minute walk

- `Broadfork Café, vegan sandwiches <http://broadforkcafe.com/>`_ 17 minute walk

- `Pizza Pi, vegan pizzeria <https://www.pizzapivegan.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

**U Village**

*0.8 mile / 1.3 km walk*

U Village is a mall just north of UW with several food and shopping options. 
There are a few chain restaurants here and some local options as well. 
The QFC here is one of the closest full grocery stores to campus.

Short List:

- `Ma'ono Fried Chicken <https://www.maonoseattle.com/>`_ shares space with `Rachel's Ginger Beer, alcoholic & non-alcoholic <https://rachelsgingerbeer.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Din Tai Fung, upscale dim sum <https://dintaifungusa.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Veggie Grill, vegan comfort food <https://www.veggiegrill.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Hokkaido Ramen Santouka, warm tasty ramen <https://santouka-usa.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Pasta Co, deli and homestyle food <http://www.pastaco.com/>`_ 20 minute walk

- `Molly Moon, ice cream <http://www.mollymoon.com/locations/u-village>`_ mostly dairy but sometimes vegan options call to confirm, 20 minute walk


Around Town (Possible Dinner and Evening)
-----------------------------------------

If you want to venture away from the University of Washington 
you have a few options. Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle can 
be accessed via the light rail and are south of UW. To the west 
of UW there are a few neigborhoods that can be reach via buses,
Wallingford, Fremont, and Ballard. These locations might be hard 
to get there and back for lunch but could be a good place to get 
dinner and/or drinks in the evening.

Capitol Hill and Downtown Seattle can be reached by the light 
rail which can be caught at the University of Washington Station 
on Montlake Blvd. This is a 0.6 mile / 1 km walk from Kane Hall. 
There are also buses (48/197/271/542) along 15th Ave which connect 
to the light rail station, this includes <0.3 miles / 0.5 km of walking. 

<Bus directions to neighborhoods>

The transit timetables are integrated into the popular map apps, such as Google Maps.
There is also the One Bus Away app for buses which gives you live updates
as to when the next bus is due at each bus stop.

Seattle is served by taxis as well as rideshare services such as Lyft, Uber and
ReachNow. There are also car-share services such as Car2Go and ReachNow, but
street parking is limited in Capitol Hill and Downtown.

**Fremont**

*20-30 minutes via public transit*

Fremont is known for its quirky, artistic flair. It’s home to the Fremont Troll sculpture, the most-frequently opened drawbridge in the United States (which doubles as an art studio for the current artist-in-residence) and a number of dining spots and bars. The easiest way to get to Fremont from the U-District is to grab either the 31 or 32 bus.

Short List:

- `Cafe Turko, Turkish food with plenty of gluten free, vegan and vegetarian options <https://cafe-turko.com/>` 20 minutes public transit

- `Pie, counter service hand pies <http://sweetandsavorypie.com/>, includes veggie & gluten free options` 20 minutes public transit

- `Eve, slightly fancier sit-down with a full-service bar <https://www.evefremont.com/>` 20 minutes public transit

- `Uneeda Burger, unfussy but delicious counter service burgers <http://uneedaburger.com/>` 20 minutes public transit + 5 minute walk uphill


**Capitol Hill**

*15-20 minutes via public transit*

Historically the LGBTQ centre of Seattle, Capitol Hill has grown to be one of the most
popular nightlife areas in the city. There are many food options here as well and bars 
and other nightlife. To get to Capitol Hill via public transit you can take the light
rail and get off at the Capitol Hill Station or there might be buses that get you closer
to a particular restaurant.

Short List:

- `Tacos Chukis, tasty tacos <https://www.facebook.com/TacosChukis/>`_ 15 minute public transit

- `Dick's Drive-In, local fast-food burgers <https://www.ddir.com/>`_ 15 minute public transit

- `Highline, vegan bar/music venue <https://www.highlineseattle.com/>`_ Note: shows start at 9pm both nights, 21+, 15 minute public transit

- `Bok a Bok, korean fried chicken <http://www.bokabokchicken.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit

- `Ian's Pizza, pizza with vegan and gf options <https://ianspizza.com/seattle//>`_ 20 minute public transit

- `Unicorn, carnival-themed bar with sweet drinks <http://www.unicornseattle.com/>`_ 21+, 25 minute public transit

**Downtown Seattle - Pike Place/Westlake Station**

*20-25 minutes via public transit*

To get to Pike Place take the light rail to Westlake Station then walk towards the 
water (lower street numbers) on Pine or Pike. There are a few sit down options here but 
mostly quick eats to grab and go. There are a variety of bars here as well as some 
late night food.

Short list:

- `Pike Brewing, americans + beer <https://www.pikebrewing.com//>`_ all ages lots of space, 25 minute public transit

- `El Borracho, tacos+ vegan options <https://www.elborracho.co/>`_ smaller space 25 minute public transit

- `Alibi Room, bar with pizza and bites <http://seattlealibi.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit


Westlake station has additional food and happy hour locations within walking distance. 
There are a few cocktail bars and restaurants close to the station around the shopping 
area. If you are up for a walk there are several hip bars around the Amazon Campus 
(0.3 mile / 0.5 km walk from Westlake Station) or in Belltown on 1st and 2nd Ave 
(0.5 miles / 0.8 km). 

Short list:

- `Yard House, americans + beer <https://www.yardhouse.com/home>`_ all ages lots of space, 20 minute public transit

- `Suite 410, fancy cocktails <http://suite410bar.com/>`_ smaller space 20 minute public transit

- `Shorty's, arcade bar with hotdogs <http://www.shortydog.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit

- `Serious Pie, Pizza <https://www.seriouspieseattle.com/downtown>`_ 20 minute public transit

**Downtown Seattle - University Station**

*20-25 minutes via public transit*

The University Station is the next stop on the light rail. It is the closest station to 
the Seattle Art Museum (SAM) and situated in the business district of Seattle. There are 
many fast eats that serve the downtown workforce. As well there are bars and evening 
restaurant nearby that often have happy hours. The vibe is often more upscale and serving 
to business professionals after work.

- `Japonessa, upscale sushi with a spicy twist <http://www.japonessa.com/>`_ 25 minute public transit

**Downtown Seattle - Pioneer Square**

*25-30 minutes via public transit*

The next stop on the light rail is Pioneer Square. Pioneer Square is going through a revival 
and has many new and established restaurants and bars. There are several cute shops and food options.

**Downtown Seattle - International District**

*25-30 minutes via public transit*

International District has a lot of great food. If you are looking for dim sum this is where 
you want to be. There are lots of great authentic cuisine here along with bubble tea, and
karaoke. 

Bargain Eats
------------

The University is accessible from the I-5, at the 45th St exit. There is some
parking on campus [to be confirmed]. Prices / availability TBD.



Back to the :ref:`Welcome Wagon <index>`.
